## Dedicated Mail Policy

1\. The list must be a Double Opt-In list. This means a user has subscribed for a newsletter or other email marketing messages by explicitly requesting it and confirming the email address to be their own. Confirmation is usually done by responding to a notification/confirmation email sent to the email address the end user specified. The double opt-in method eliminates the chance of abuse where somebody submits someone else's email address without their knowledge and against their will. You will not be permitted to mail any mailing list that you were given or purchased. In doing so, this will also be considered spamming and may result in termination of the offending account.

2\. Email Scripts must be able to handle and document all information from a double opt-in list. This includes recording the sign-up IP address and date/time, double opt-in verification IP address and date/time, processing opt-outs (via web or email), and list removal on bounce backs. All opt-outs or bounce back removals must be handled in a timely manner, and outbound mail must be throttled on shared packages to a maximum of five hundred (500) emails per hour. If your account is found to be using a script that does not meet these requirements, HostGator reserves the right to suspend, terminate, or deactivate your script or account.

3\. Any unsolicited e-mail being sent will result in suspension or termination of the offending account. We take a zero tolerance stance against sending of unsolicited e-mail and other forms of spam.

4\. Any mailing list MUST comply with all guidelines set forth by the United States government. These can be found at:
  
[http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/business/ecommerce/bus61.shtm][0] .


[0]: http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/business/ecommerce/bus61.shtm the date of your purchase (subject to the restrictions described in the [YouTube Paid Service Terms of Service][0]). Each item of purchased content may have a different Locker Period and you agree to the Locker Period before you order it. Pausing, stopping, or rewinding purchased content will not extend the Locker Period.  As noted in the [YouTube Paid Service Terms of Service][0], if an item of purchased content becomes unavailable during the five year period from the purchase date, you may request a refund. For purchased content, you may view one stream of each item at a time, and view up to 3 streams of different items at a time.

**Access on other Google Products.** Unless otherwise notified in the purchase process, you may also receive access to your rentals and purchases through another Google product (e.g. Google Play). Your use of your rentals and purchases from YouTube shall be governed by the YouTube usage rules, but these additional rules will govern your use on these Google products. For rental content, you can view certain rentals when (1) online and logged into that Google product or (2) offline by downloading and viewing from a previously authorized device. Rented content may only be viewed or downloaded on only one device at a time. For purchased content, in addition to the access described above, you may (1) authorize up to 5 devices for offline playback of purchased content at a time and to authorize additional devices, you must de-authorize one of those 5 devices, (2) only authorize the same device twice every 12 months, and (3) only authorize a total of 2 devices for offline playback every 90 days when offline.

## Paid Channel Subscriptions

Certain types of Paid Services allow you to access a YouTube channel or package of channels made available by third parties, each containing a variety of content, in exchange for a one-time or recurring subscription fee.  When you purchase a subscription to a channel or package of channels, you will have access to stream any content currently available within that subscription an unlimited number of times. Our partners may decide to periodically update the content they make available in the subscription, and some items of content may either become unavailable or be made available for free when this happens. You may only view content within a subscription when you are online, with a broadband connection and logged into your YouTube or Google account, but in some cases you may be able to access the content while offline for limited periods of time. Due to restrictions from our content providers, subscription content may not be available for playback outside of the territory where you completed your transaction.


[0]: /t/terms_paycontent